this grandmother cries recalling the day
Israeli forces arrested her and
confiscated her identity card she
doesn't know if she'll be able to return
to Gaza anytime
soon ke do they want me to be without my
family I swear I'd kill myself or do
they want the boy to find his own way
home her grandson sits by her as she
explains how Israeli forces arrested 11
people from this Hospital in occup Ed
East Jerusalem for overstaying on the
Israeli permit that allowed them to
leave Gaza for medical treatment before
the
war for two hours I was interrogated the
officer told me they'll send us to the
West Bank but I started screaming that I
won't be separated from my
grandson Israel has accused them of
hiding in the hospital illegally
patients and their relatives told us
they've been left stranded with permits
that expired after the war started this
list this is the number of the hospital
director says he notified Israeli
authorities in an attempt to get the
permits extended because of the word
they are not able to go home and some of
them still in treatment some of them
finished their treatment and they all
all of them they are now in trouble
because they are not allowed to go to
Gaza and where to go with
them Israel's 17-year blockade on Gaza
is for force people to seek medical
treatment in hospitals outside the strip
Israel controls who enters and who
leaves and since the war it's detained
thousands of them or sent them to the
occupied West
Bank some of those expelled from Israel
last week have told Al jazer that they
were arrested and tortured for no reason
after hamas's attack this hospital is
funded entirely through charity with 70%
of patients from occupied West Bank and
Gaza but most of them are too terrified
to speak to us about their experience of
that of their families for fear of being
arrested by Israeli
forces we are living but not living is
what some have told us the old The Young
and the newborn caught up in a war that
has no end in sight s Al jazer occupied
East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer